well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about
something i do not talk about on this
channel
it's funny because somebody actually
recently mentioned that i do not
talk about this on this channel but i
feel
obligated to um
eric trump was on a radio show
in north dakota last week and he said
something that just kind of raised my
eyebrows and i feel like it needs to be
addressed
he was listing off things that he
perceived to be accomplishments
of his father donald trump and in that
list of accomplishments
he said that he he literally
saved christianity quote quote
i feel like i missed a news story or two
i didn't know that that was in danger
i went back and i looked couldn't find
any legal or legislative battle
that uh was threatening the faith
just not a thing seemed really odd and
of course he's talking about saving it
from the democratic party
the democratic party that can't
squash bernie they're gonna ban
yeah can't get gun control passed
but they got the power to do this that
doesn't seem real likely
seems almost imaginary seemed made up
seems like a fear-mongering manipulative
tactic
seems like using deceit
to sway people's emotions
there is no legal or legislative battle
over this that's not a thing it doesn't
exist
so if it's not that and trump really did
save it
it had to be like saving the soul of the
faith right
there's only one way you can do that but
aside from that i'd want to know exactly
what the democratic party did
to make you question your faith
because the only way that christianity
can actually be destroyed
is if those who believe in it turn away
because it's not buildings
that's that's not that's not what the
faith is right
so i'm curious what joe biden did to
make you doubt your faith
i'm willing to bet that didn't happen
either but
let's say that he did trump saved you
from it
i'm assuming the way he did that was by
exemplifying the teachings right
by telling people to love their neighbor
telling people to be
kind to the stranger in their land hill
the sick feed the poor
does any of this sound like donald trump
and if you are honest with yourself you
will have to say no
and when you acknowledge that this is
made up you have to also acknowledge
that there is a concerted effort by a
group of people to use
your faith to manipulate you man
if only there was a text that warned
about that
i don't think that the democratic party
is quite this powerful
i would suggest that the faith has
survived
forces far more powerful
than joe biden
this is just made up
it's just an attempt to manipulate it's
an attempt to blend
religion and the state that's a concern
isn't it
wouldn't it bother you if somebody used
your faith to justify their actions when
their actions are not in line with the
faith it should
it really should i would suggest that if
you are a faith leader this is something
you should address
because if you don't it's going to
become more and more concrete
it's going to become more and more
tangible
and your church
will become subservient to the whims of
a man
a man who to my knowledge
has never really exemplified
anything anything related to the faith
that seems like a really dangerous
position to put your flock in
this statement needs to be
sharply rebuked christianity
is not in danger it has survived
a lot it is not going to be stomped out
by some politicians doesn't even make
any sense
it's going to get stomped out
because people believed politicians and
were led astray
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day